Add details about deprecated extension bits (#36761)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/cloud-service.md

From Visual Studio Code, select **Docker** from the **Activity Bar**. Expand the **REGISTRIES** node, and select **Connect Registry**. Select **Azure** when prompted, and sign in if necessary.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This no longer works on Mac. For more information, see [GitHub: About Docker Extension for Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-docker/issues/3655).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Deploying as a container instance from Visual Studio Code no longer works on Mac. For more information, see [GitHub: About Docker Extension for Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-docker/issues/3655).
```
